Now that we have a smart contract written,
let's write some unit tests,
just like we did in version one before,
we're going to write some unit tests.
We have not deployed it to any of the networks or even the local test network yet.
We've only compiled it in the last video to make sure that everything works fine.
But let's start writing some tests.
So, if I'm in my test folder right now,
so we've looked at the Contract's folder,
we've looked at the Migrations folder.
Now we're in the Test folder.
Remember, we deleted the file that we did
not need already that came with the boilerplate.
I'm going to create my own file here,
calling it starNotary dot js.
That's the name of our test file.
Remember, you're supposed to place all your test files in this folder,
that is how truffle works.
I'm going to paste some tests here then I'm
going to walk you through how everything works.
Now, of course, we have learned quite a bit about tests and how tests are written.
First of all, I wanted to walk you through again
the import babel-polyfill that we are using here.
Sometimes truffle or the way the web pack module works,
the truffle box works,
it just sometimes gives you this error.
So, try using this if it doesn't work for you,
you can always comment it out.
I've seen it both ways.
Just the module does not get properly imported with the web pack modules.
So, just try doing this.
If it doesn't or does not work,
you can try either way or comment it out.
So, the next statement is we're getting the contract abstraction.
We've seen this multiple times before.
We do that, is you say artifacts dot require exactly.
So, this is your JSON representation,
and you're just getting it in a contract extraction.
This is what is called starNotary.
That's a very first statement we've seen this multiple times before.
Once we have that, using artifacts dot require,
we're calling the contract function.
Remember, truffle gets a clean copy
every time you deploy your tests or you'd run your test.
So, getting a clean copy by calling
contract function which accepts two arguments description,
and then followed by a second function which automatically gets the accounts.
That when you deploy, you get a list of accounts and I was
doing the accounts for you but then I'm deploying it.
Now, instance is my final version that I'm going to be
using to call on my functions on them and we've seen this multiple times before.
So, this is what is.
Then, we start writing our tests.
Now, the first step that we are looking here is to create a star test.
A very simple test here.
What we're doing is that in the sense it is again, transaction.
So remember, create star is a transaction.
I got to go back and show you.
This creates, started accepting two arguments here. So, we're calling.
So, we're saying instance dot createStar.
Then we're looking at Awesome Star,
and then making sure that the token ID is passed through,
these two arguments are passed through.
Remember the third argument is the object that you pass,
and of course, they're going to accept a gas or a value.
In our case, all we need to pass is the from.
So I'm saying I want to create a star from this address.
So, that means the tokenId one gets to from this address.
So, this address now owns token ID one.
Then, we're calling our mapping tokenIdToStarInfor call.
We're checking if the tokenId is awesome stuff.
So, let's go back to look at tokenId what it looks like.
Remember, this mapping, it should give you this information back.
So, this is a mapping.
We had TokenIdToStarInfor mapping,
and we're calling this right there,
and we're making sure that this,
the tokenId is now.
Of course, we're passing the tokenId one and we're
making sure that it comes out to awesome star.
So, we're just asserting that equal.
So, that's the first step to create a star.
In the second test, we are trying to see if we can actually put it up for sale.
The way we do that is of course the first thing that you have to go create a star.
So, I'm going to go create a star.
Once you create a star,
the next thing you want to do is that is you want to put it up for sale.
So, you want to make sure that we put it up for sale using the starPrice.
I'm just using some price here.
So, I'm creating a star.
I'm giving it a tokenId of two now.
I'm creating from user one.
Then we're putting up for sale.
Then once you put it up for sale,
again remember these are all transactions.
So, there is no dot call here.
We're passing in the arguments followed by the object.
So, we're putting up for sale from user one
because this is the one that created the star.
Then we're further making sure by calling our mapping to make sure that it matches.
So, we're creating a star.
We're put it up for sale.
Very simple. What you do is you instance dot name of the function you called,
followed by arguments, followed by the object that you want to give information for.
Then lastly, we're doing an assert dot equal that it gets added to the mapping.
Again, one thing I wanted to mention is if you look at this web3 object,
web3 is an object that is available to us automatically.
So, we can just call toWei methods to convert to any denomination.
We're converting it to ether in this case.
So, this is something if you saw,
all we're doing is that it's easily available to us.
We want to say that we want to convert this web3 dot towei.
So, web3 automatically gets in truffle.
We just get a copy of that automatically in a test file.
We don't need to import it explicitly.
That's it. So, let's look at some next test.
We looked at two tests. One test is to create a star,
and other test is that user one can actually put up a star.
It creates a star. So, we want to make sure that user one once it has a star,
can actually put it up for sale.
So, let's look at some more tests in the next video.